.TH lsusb 8 "21 Feb 2014" "Darwin" "USB Utilities for Mac OS X"
.IX lsusb
.SH NAME
lsusb \- list USB devices
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lsusb
[
.I options
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B lsusb
is a utility for displaying information about USB buses in the system and
the devices connected to them.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-v
Tells
.B lsusb
to be verbose and display detailed information about the devices shown.
.TP
\fB\-s\fP [[\fIbus\fP]\fB:\fP][\fIdevnum\fP]
Show only devices in specified
.I bus
and/or
.IR devnum . 
Both ID's are given in decimal and may be omitted.
.TP
\fB\-d\fP [\fIvendor\fP]\fB:\fP[\fIproduct\fP]
Show only devices with the specified 
.I vendor 
and/or 
.I product 
ID.
Both ID's are given in hexadecimal.
.TP
.B \-t
Tells
.B lsusb
to dump the physical USB device hierarchy as a tree. This overrides the
\fB\-v\fP option.
.TP
.B \-p
Display manufacturer names in parentheses.
.TP
.B \-V
Print  version information on standard output,
then exit successfully.
.TP
.B \-h
Print help to standard error,
then exit successfully.

.SH RETURN VALUE
If 
.B lsusb
does not find any device matching all the filters, a non-zero exit code is returned.

.SH NOTES
The
.B -p
(parentheses) option is an enhancement. 

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR system_profiler (8).

.SH CREDITS
Modeled on the output of 
.B lsusb
by Thomas Sailer and using the output of
.B system_profiler
by Apple Computer, Inc. No part of this program otherwise uses their work.

.SH BUGS
.B -v
ignores the
.B -d
and
.B -s
filters.
.P
.B -v
and
.B -t
use the output of 
.B system_profiler
and thus do not conform to the Linux standard.
.P
The
.B -D
(Device) option is not implemented. 
GNU long options are not implemented.
.P
Please report other bugs at https://github.com/jlhonora/lsusb

.SH "AUTHORS"
Jose L. Honorato <jlhonora@ing.puc.cl>

.SH "CONTRIBUTORS"
See https://github.com/jlhonora/lsusb/graphs/contributors for an up-to-date list.

.fi
